feat(commits-behind): return only the number (#4624)
Mergifyio/mergify-engine: docs/source/conditions.rst

     - :ref:`Timestamp <iso timestamp>` or :ref:`Relative timestamp <relative timestamp>`
     - The time the pull request mergeability checks have started at.
   * - ``commits-behind``
     - Number of commits behind its base branch
     - The number of commits between the head of the base branch and the base

>        of the pull request.

Reviewer: I'd rather keep the current implementation but only makes `#commits-behind` work.
Just raise if `commits-behind` without `#` is used.

>      - Number of commits behind its base branch
>      - The number of commits between the head of the base branch and the base
>        of the pull request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - list of commits
     - The list of commits between the head of the base branch and the base
       of the pull request. This can only be used with the length operator as `#commits-behind`.
```
